c:\users\danie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\bin\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.exe.config
c:\users\danie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\bin\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.exe
c:\users\danie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\bin\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.pdb
c:\users\danie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\bin\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.xml
c:\users\danie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.Form1.resources
c:\users\danie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.Resources.resources
c:\users\danie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\danie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.exe
c:\users\danie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.xml
c:\users\danie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.pdb
c:\users\danie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.formaMenu.resources
c:\users\danie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.FormProductos.resources
c:\users\danie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.FormAgregar.resources
c:\users\danie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.FormActualizar.resources
c:\users\danie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.FormClientes.resources
c:\users\danie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.FormCaracteristicas.resources
c:\users\danie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.FormAgregardatosCliente.resources
C:\Users\danie\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\danie\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.FormAbonos.resources
C:\Users\danie\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.FormActualizarCliente.resources
C:\Users\danie\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.FormUsuarios.resources
C:\Users\danie\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.FormAbonos2.resources
C:\Users\danie\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.FormMenu2.resources
C:\Users\danie\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.FormProductos2.resources
C:\Users\danie\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.FormAgregardatosCliente2.resources
C:\Users\danie\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.FormCaracteristicas2.resources
C:\Users\danie\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TECDEVELOPMENT\TECDEVELOPMENT\obj\Debug\TECDEVELOPMENT.FormClientes2.resources
